100 Hearts: Everyone will start with 100 hearts!!! Golden apples will heal 20% of your max health.
 
Achievement Hunters: When you earn a certain achievement, you will either be rewarded or penalized for earning that achievement. /alist is the command
 
Achievement Paranoia: If a player earns a specific achievement in normal Minecraft, the achievement will show, with who earned it and where they earned it.
 
Achievements: When you earn a normal achievement in normal Minecraft, you will either gain more attack, walking speed, (both in code) or gain 1 heart.
 
Alone Together: You are not able to see your own teammates.
 
Amplified Terrain: The terrain will have giant mountains to climb and navigate around.
 
Anonymous: Players will be disguised as an IGN (Currently "Unknown") and players will not be able to tell who is who. The health on tab is disabled. The normal chat and death messages will contain the players in game.
 
Aquaphobia: From y:80 to Y:28 all of the world will be flooded. Making this game hard to swim and survive. There will be Guardians in the world as well, making your life difficult as well. However, each time you make a helmet, it will always have Reparation 3. Each time you make boots, it will always have Depth Strider 3.
 
Armageddon: THE WORLD IS ENDING!!! Blocks and objects will fall from the sky, this will include: Gravel, Gold Nuggets, Splash potions that will damage you, lava, etc.
 
Assassins: At PvP, you will receive a target, that is your target until the target dies, then it switches to another target. If you manage to kill your target, they will drop all of their loot. If you kill a player that is not your target, then nothing will drop but their head. You need to craft a Compass in order to track your target.
 
Assault and Battery: 1 player can do damage with melee and the other can do damage with ranged weapons. If your teammate dies, then you will be able to use melee and ranged weapons.
 
Astrophobia: Meteors will fall from the world creating craters and exploding the world. It will leave a hole in the earth and if you're lucky, it'll leave 2 gold or a diamond in the crater. The creepers will now be supercharged and deal more damage and explode faster. If you manage to kill one, there is a possibility to receive their spawn egg. The skeletons are the aliens and will shoot their "lasers" and it'll deal more damage. Also the day won't exist only night time exists.
 
Backpacks: You will have the ability to open your backpack, (/bp) to gain an extra 27 inventory slots for yourself or team. Depending on what teamsize it is, if you die in an FFA or last member of your team dies, all of the items in the Backpack will drop.
 
Balance: After obtaining 8 diamonds, it will be harder to obtain more diamonds. After mining 48 gold, it will be harder to obtain more gold.
 
Bald Chicken: Chickens do not drop feathers in this scenario, instead skeletons will drop 10-20 arrows upon their death.
 
Barebones: Your best tier of mining is Iron, you cannot mine Gold or Diamonds, or obtain any anvils or enchant tables. If you kill a player, they will drop 1 diamond, a golden apple, 2 string and 32 arrows.  
 
Battle Siren: Whenever a player starts fighting another player, it will shows the general coordinates of where the fight is currently happening.
 
Bed Bombs: When you place down a bed and right click it, the bed will explode. It'll explode in every world. (Overworld, Nether, and End.)
 
BestPvE: Every 10 minutes, if you have not taken damage yet, you will gain a heart. If you take damage, then you are off the list. The only way to get back onto the list is to kill a player.
 
Beta Zombies: Instead of zombies dropping Rotten Flesh, instead they drop 0-2 feathers.
 
Big Crack: The Big crack is located at X:0 or Z:0 and it a giant crack to the void with a 25 block radius.
 
Biome Bundle: The map is generated with custom terrain and custom structures! :D (If you want to know what the terrain is from, watch Chroma Season 2.)
 
Biome Paranoia: On tab your name has a color, that color represents the biome you are in. To check the biomes, use /bl
 
Birds: (Admin scenario ASK Admin to host!)
 
Black Plague: Over time, the land becomes deceased and dead. It kills off any passive mob and gives hostile mobs a buff. Silverfish spawn naturally in the deceased area. If you get hit by and aggressive mob in the dead land, there is a chance the negative effect gets to you for a certain time. Anytime you're in the deceased area and try to heal, you will only heal for half. (I.e instead of the gap healing you for 2 hearts, it heals you for 1 heart) And if you melee and hit a player with the negative effect, it can spread on them too! Apple rates are decreased naturally.
 
Blast Mining: Whenever you mine an ore, even nether quartz, there is a 5% chance the a creeper will spawn on you. There is also a 3% chance of ignited TNT spawning on you. This will not happen at the same time, you'll just have to face it one way or another.
 
Bleeding Sweets: Whenever a player dies, they will drop a diamond, 5 gold, a book, 1 string, 16 arrows.
 
Blind Dates: You start off as a team of 2, but at PvP, you will receive a wool, banner, or a firework. If you find a team of 2 with that same color, then you are on the same team! (Similar to Mystery Teams).  
 
Block Battle: Every 10 minutes, the player with the most unique blocks in their inventory will win 4 diamonds. If it's a tie, no one wins!
 
Block Break: Get an admin in order to host this scenario!
 
Block Rush: Whenever you mine a different type of block, you will be rewarded with 1 gold ingot. (Rewards will change, depends on host)
 
Blood Brothers: Drinking a health potion or eating a golden apple/golden head, your teammate will receive the health instead of you getting the health.  
 
Blood Cycle: Every 10 minutes the Blood cycle will target an ore that you that has a chance to make you lose lose half a heart. The cycle of ores is random and it includes the following: Coal, Iron, Gold, Redstone, Lapis, Emerald, and Diamond. If you're lucky, the game will have a "no ore," meaning that no ores will do half a heart to you.
 
Blood Diamonds: Every time you mine a diamond ore, you will lose half a heart.
 
Blood Enchants: Every time you enchant an item, you will lose half a heart.
 
Blood Lapis: Every time you mine a lapis ore, you lose half a heart.
 
Blood Market: The first 8 players, selected by the person who does the command /iwantslaveowner <Code word>, will be selected. However, the slave owners will have 500 hearts to bid on for players. It'll be bid by heart points. Command to bid is /bid <Number of heart points>. The heart points will be half a heart. If you bid a player for 1 heart point, you're bidding the player for .5 hearts. The remaining hearts the slaveowner has left, that will be their max health throughout the game.
 
Blood Market Double Packaging: The first 8 players, selected by the person who does the command /iwantslaveowner <Code word>, will be selected. However, the slave owners will have 500 hearts to bid on for players. Slave owners will be bidding for 2 people at once, and the 2 people that are selected are completely randomized. It'll be bid by heart points. Command to bid is /bid <Number of heart points>. The heart points will be half a heart. If you bid a player for 1 heart point, you're bidding the player for .5 hearts. The remaining hearts the slaveowner has left, that will be their max health throughout the game
 
Bombers: Everybody will have an unbreakable Flint and Steel, and most of the animals and monsters/mobs that you kill, will drop Dynamite/TNT.
 
BowFighters: Everybody will start off with an infinity book, an arrow and two string. You most powerful weapon can be a stone axe or wooden sword.
 
Bowless: Bows are disabled! You cannot craft, use, nor obtain bows!
 
Breakup: Before the start of the game, players on a big team, will be separated into smaller teams.
 
Captains: The captains are either picked by the host or chosen randomly and they pick players that they want on their team. (Order is snake draft. I.E. 1,2,3,4,4,3,2,1.)
 
Carrot Combo: Whenever you craft a sword, it'll give you a carrot with the equivalent attack damage that sword has. (Wood and Gold = Sharp 2 Carrot. Stone = Sharp 3. Iron = Sharp 5. Diamond = Sharp 6.)
 
Catacombs: There will be several layers underground that replicate the surface in the game!
 
Children Left Unattended: Whenever a teammate dies, each player on that team earns a speed potion and a tamed wolf.
 
Chump Charity: Every 10 minutes, the person who is on the lowest health gets fully healed.
 
Chunk Apocalypse:  Every chunk, within the UHC world, has a 10% of replacing EVERY block with an air block. (You can fall into the void by the way!)
 
City World: (Special games only!) Instead of a normal UHC world, the whole world is replaced in a City, meaning Mineshafts, Buildings, Sewers, etc.
 
Compensation: When a teammate dies, their total health is divided to the remaining teammates. For example, if one teammate dies, and they're on a team of 3, the other 2 teammates will gain and regenerate 5 hearts. And if the other teammate dies, the solo player will receive the dead teammates 15 hearts, and have a total of 30 hearts. When you craft arrows, you'll get 16 per craft instead of the normal 4. Golden Apples heal 20% of your current total health, while Golden Heads heal 40% of your health. (If you have 20 hearts, the golden apple will heal 4 hearts and the Golden Head will heal 8.)
 
Corrupt Kings: Every team will have a king. The king will be unknown to them, each time a teammate dies, the king gets their hearts. The king will have 20 hearts and strength once all of their teammates have died.
 
Craftable Absorption: Absorption is off by default. When you have made a golden apple. If you surround the golden apple with 4 more gold, then it will become an Absorption Golden Apple. (This does not work with Absorption Golden Heads)
 
CraftableTP: Everybody, at the start of the game, will receive an ender pearl. If they put it in an anvil, and write out the person's ingame name, it will teleport the player 50 blocks away from the person they typed the IGN, from the anvil.
 
Craft Clean: If you put any smelt-able item, and you have 1-8 items, you craft it like a furnace and put a piece of coal in the crafting table, you'll receive 1-8 of that item, depending how many items you put in, that has been smelted.
 
Cryophobia: You will spawn in an icy/snowy world. Skeletons will wear leather armor and will shoot snowballs, and if they hit you, you take a decent amount of damage. As the game progresses, the ice rise. The ice will start at Y:0 at the start of the game, and it will continue to rise as the game goes on. The ice will stop rising when meetup is called and when the ice reaches the surface.
 
Cupid: Every time you shoot and hit a player with your bow, you gain 1% of your health back.
 
CutClean: All ores and animal food will be dropped in it's smelted version.
 
Damage Cycle: Every 10 minutes, the damage cycle will change. If you take that same type of damage from what the cycle said, you will instantly die. To check the damage type you need to avoid, do /current
 
Dead Biomes: Every 10 minutes, a new biome will be announced as a "Dead Biome". If players are in that biome, they will receive Slowness 1 and Weakness 1 and for every minute they stay in the biome, they will lose 1 heart.
 
Demolition: Most of the ores/blocks, have been replaced with TNT. As you decrease your Y level, more TNT will spawn will spawn in more veins and frequencies. If you place down TNT, it will instantly ignite it. Enderman will have TNT in their hands and creepers and super charged creepers and more likely to spawn. Most of the skeletons will have flame bows that will ignite the TNT. There is also no bedrock in the world so you can fall into the void!!!
 
Depths: As your Y level goes down, the monsters will get stronger and stronger.
 
Diamondless: When you mine a diamond, the diamond will not drop, instead a piece of iron will drop it.
 
Dolphins: If you swim in the water, you swim speed increases, making you swim like a dolphin. You cannot also drown  
 
Double Big Crack: Upon the X:0 and Z:0 coordinates will lie 2 giant cracks, these cracks go all the way to the border. Also, beware of the void, you can get killed down there.
 
Double Dates: You and another player and paired up randomly with another team of 2 before the start of the game.
 
Double Healing: All golden apples, golden heads, and instant health pots will heal twice as much. If absorption is enabled, then it will give you 3 absorption hearts instead of 4.
 
Double or Nothing: Whenever you mine iron, gold, emerald, or diamonds, there is a 50% chance that you get 2 ores, or you get nothing!
 
Double Ore Rates: The ore rates of this game will doubled.
 
Double Slimy Crack: Coordinates of X:0 and Z:0 will have 2 cracks, that go to the border, with slime blocks underneath to break your fall. Players can also break the Slime blocks and send people to the void!!!
 
Drafters: This is a captains mode that instead of picking people freely, you're restricted from picking a list of 5 people at random. This way, everyone will get accepted. Same captains rules apply. Players get chosen to be captain and take turns to pick players to form their team!
 
Dragon Rush: At 0,0 lays a portal to the end. But 3 eyes of ender are missing from the portal. The goal is to race and defeat the dragon! The nether will be on but trapping and camping the nether portal will be off.
 
Dungeoneering: The terrain is mixed up, same with the ores. Diamonds and Iron are rare, Lapis and Redstone are now extremely common. Caves are extremely open and dungeon rates are amped up a couple of notches.
 
Eggs: You start the game with 3 eggs and when you throw them any mob/animal in the game can come out of the egg. You can get more eggs from chickens when they lay them.
 
Eight Legged Freaks: All the monsters in the game will be replaced with spiders. These spiders will represent each mob with various powers.
 
Elements: Each player will get an ability, either water, earth, fire, and air. Created by the group of Ambition. https://pastebin.com/907NZWVJ
 
Enchanted Death: You cannot craft enchanting tables. When a player dies to PvP, they will drop an enchanting table. (Please Note: You will be Disqualified of you team-kill your teammates for an enchanting table.)
 
Enchant Paranoia: The enchant preview will be disabled. When you enchant an item, it will be enchanted with the enchantment name "???".
 
Ender Dance: IT'S A RACE TO THE DRAGON!  Wait, it's not. The goal of this scenario is to be on top of one of the dragon's healing pillars and destroy one of them. Then if you have a music disk and a jukebox, you must place a jukebox on one of the pillars and put the music disk in the jukebox to win the game! Same rules apply with Dragon Rush (3 Eyes of ender missing).
 
End Meetup: Once the game has reached it's Meetup phase, players will be frozen and teleported into the end. PvP will be disabled for about 10-15 seconds. Then the fight happens. After 10 mins, the dragon will spawn if the game is not completed.
 
Experienced Crafter: IF you want to craft a certain item, it will cost you levels to craft it. (An Iron sword, bow, golden apple, or golden head, and a diamond pick costs 1 Experience Level. Crafting Iron Armor will cost 2 Experience Levels. Crafting an Anvil or A Diamond sword will cost 3 Experience Levels. Crafting Diamond Armor will cost 5 Experience Levels. Crafting an Enchant Table will cost 6 Experience Levels. And Lastly: Crafting a Brewing Stand will cost 10 Experience Levels.)
 
Explosive Arrows: (ADMIN SCENARIO! Please ask an Admin to host this!)
 
Extreme Mobs: Upon when monsters are spawning: There is a 1% chance that whenever a zombie spawns, it will become a Giant Zombie. If you manage to kill it, it will drop 4 gold. There is a 5% chance that Creepers will spawn on top of a spider and will ride it. You can call this a Creeper Jockey. For creepers, again, there is a 10% that when you explode a creeper, it will set fire around the exploded area. For creepers, for a third time, there is a 10% chance that when they explode, it will spawn 3 silverfish around them. For witches, there is a 50% chance that they will be flying. (Meaning that the Witches will spawn on top of a bat.)
 
Fallout: If you are not below Y:60 after 45 minutes in the game, you will take half a heart.
 
Fast Getaway: Whenever you kill a player, you will gain 45 seconds of speed 2.
 
Fast Smelting: Items in the furnace will only take 1 second to smelt per item.
 
Feather Boots: When you craft leather boots, using feathers instead of leather, it will have feather falling 4 upon crafting them.
 
Fireless: All Fire damage (Includes lava and fire swords), will not do damage to you.
 
Flat World: The world will be completely Flat, and it's surface will be Y:5. Village rates will be upped, for you to survive a bit more easily.
 
Flippers: When you craft golden boots, it will automatically have Depth Strider 3.
 
Flooded: ALL of the world's air blocks between Y:32 to Y:70 will all be covered in water. Players will receive a Depth Strider 3 book and a Aqua Affinity book, some sugar cane, a couple of spawn eggs, for food, leather, and feathers. Players will also receive the permanent potion particles of Water breathing and Night Vision. Oh yea, one more thing, it will rain and the host can not toggle the rain off, so you will it rain all the time.
 
Flower Power: Whenever you break a flower, you will gain a random item up to a stack of 64, 32, or 16, depending on the item. You will have 30 seconds to pick up the item from the flower you picked. After the 30 seconds, the item picked from the flower will despawn.
 
Frozen In Time: All the Current movement in water, lava will not flow. Gravel, sand, cacti, and sugarcane will float in the air. The leaves on trees will not decay. To obsidian, you need to craft a diamond pickaxe, which would either give you 10 or 14 obsidian, depending if nether is on.
 
Gap Zap: If you take damage while you are regenerating from a golden apple or head, the regeneration cancels.
 
Gapple Roulette: Whenever you eat a Golden Apple, you will get a random potion effect for a certain time.  
 
Genie: You are given 3 wishes and you cannot get more. Based on the number of kills you have in the game is what you can wish for. (If you have 0 kills, you can get the following: Golden Apple, Diamond Sword, Anvil. If you have 1 Kill, you can get the following: Player Head, Speed 1 Potion, Strength 1 Potion. If you have 2 Kills, you can get the following: Enchantment Table, Brewing Stand, 5 Diamond Ore. If you have 4 Kills, you can get the following: Instant Health 2 Potion Not Splashable, 128 Bottles of Enchanting, 1 Glowstone Block, 1 Blaze Rod. If you have 5+ Kills, you can get the following: 64 Obsidian, 8 Gold Ingots, 4 Soul Sand, 3 Wither Skeleton Heads.)
 
Golden Retriever: Whenever a player dies, instead of the normal head post, it will drop a Golden Head.
 
Goldless: Whenever you mine a piece of gold, if will drop a piece of iron instead. When a player dies, they will drop a golden head and some gold on death.
 
Gold Rush: You cannot craft any leather armor or iron armor. You can only craft either Gold or Diamond Armor.
 
Gone Fishing: At the start of the game, players receive 20,000 levels, 64 anvils, and an Unbreaking 250 and Luck of the Sea 250 fishing rod. Players cannot craft the enchantment table.
 
Good Game: The first player to say "gg." after a player dies, will receive a reward. It can either be a diamond, cake, piece of gold, or a firework. The first player to say "eZ", "rekt", "loser", "your bad", or "kys", will get blindness, withered, or poisoned. WARNING: If you spam "gg." too much, you will be muted!!! Also, if you spam any bad messages, you will either be muted for a long time or banned!!!
 
Go To Hell: After a certain time period (45-60 minutes into the game.) Players will proceed into the Nether. If the player is not in the nether, they will take 0.5 hearts every 30 seconds until they go into the nether. The nether portal will spawn at 0,0. Portal Trapping/Camping will be disabled for this scenario.
 
Grave Robbers: Whenever a player dies, their stuff will be in a grave, with a double chest.
 
Grinch: Every Midnight, at 0,0 there is a zombie with leather armor known as the "Grinch". He stole of the Christmas presents from Santa! If you kill him, you will receive the present of whatever the Grinch was holding.
 
Half Smelting: Instead of regular smelting taking 10 seconds, it will only take 5 seconds just to get 1 item.
 
(LEON ONLY) Halloween: (Only Leon can host this!)
 
Hastey Boys: Every tool that you craft will have Efficiency 3 and Unbreaking 1.
 
Head Hunters: When a player dies, their head will be somewhere 75 blocks out on where they died, on the surface.
 
Health Donor: Players can donate health to other players in the game. Every half a heart you donate will cost 1 experience level. To do this command /donatehp <1-20> <IGN>
 
Homework: At the start of the game, everyone is received an item that they must craft. They will have 20 minutes to get/craft that item. After the 20 minutes, if the player does have the item, they will gain 1 potential heart and will heal 1 heart. If they do not have the item, they will lose 1 heart.
 
Infestation: Whenever a monster dies, it has a 40% chance to respawn on where it has died.
 
Infinite Allies: You can have has many allies as you want, but only 1 man can win.
 
Infinite Enchanter: At the start of the game, everyone will receive 2 stacks of Bookshelves, anvils and enchant tables, and infinite levels.
 
Inventors: The first person to craft something will be broadcasted in the chat. There is no reward for this. It's to show bragging rights!
 
Inventors+: The first player to craft something will be broadcasted in the chat. They will either receive 1 diamond or 2 gold.
 
Inverted Dimensions: The nether and the overworld has been switched. The terrain, in the overworld, would look like the nether, and the nether would look like the overworld. Sugar cane will drop from trees and some lapis and redstone will be placed with obsidian. You cannot place water in the overworld.
 
Inverted Parallel: When you go underneath Y:42 in the overworld, it will be replaced by the "nether." You cannot place the water in the "nether."
 
Investments: You can invest diamonds and gold into a player. If the player gets a kill, you receive double the amount of gold or diamonds you put it. If they die, you will lose your investment on that player.
 
Isaac Mystery Teams: Everyone will be scattered alone, once PvP is enabled, you will get a colored Isaac head, you cannot craft this head into a Golden Head. If you find a player with the same Isaac head, then you and that player will be on a team. The command to check the teams is /mt teamsize
 
Islands: There are 10 wide cracks run along the x and z axis every 100 blocks. The ore blocks on the side of these cracks are replaced with stone.
 
Kill Reveal:The teams will be secret until players get a kill. Once they get a kill, their color is shown on the tab list. Players must figure out on who is on what team to determine on what the actual team is.
 
Kings: Upon a team, 1 person will be King, the King will have Strength, Resistance, Haste, and 20 hearts. If the king dies, the remaining teammates will receive weakness for 3 mins and Poison for 15 seconds.
 
Krenzinator: If you put 9 redstone blocks in a crafting table, you'll receive a diamond. If you craft a diamond sword, you will lose 1 heart. If you throw an egg, and if it hits a player, it will do half a heart (0.5). Horses and the nether is disabled, but you can still ride donkeys.
 
Love at First Damage: When you take damage, you will be put onto a team. There are a minimum of 6 teams. The order is set as 1,2,3,4,5,6,1,2,3,4,5,6 etc. until everyone has taken damage and is put onto a team
 
Love at first sight: You are scattered as a solo with no team. The first person you see, you must team with. If you right click on them, you will form a team. That is your teammate for the rest of the game.
 
Lavaless: In the world, lava will not exist, and will be replaced, by the air blocks. The obsidian will generate in veins.
 
Lootcrates: Every 10 minutes players are given out chests. You will gain a reward from them. They are either Tier 1 (Wooden Chest) or Tier 2 (Ender Chest).
 
Love When Coords Meet: Similar to Soul Brothers and Love At First Sight. Half of the players will be scattered in 1 world and half in the other. Players will not be able to team based on who is in their world, but from coordinates of different worlds. Example, if 1 player in a world is at X:-500 and Z:250 and 1 player is in a 25 block radius near those coordinates in a different world, then they will automatically be put on a team. At meet-up all the players will be teleported into 1 different world.
 
Lucky Chests: Ender chests will be scattered across the map. They will contain either positive loot, like diamonds, gold, etc. Or negative effects like blindness, poison etc.
 
Melee Fun: There is no delay for when hitting a player, removes the noDamageticks. So this means players can get insane combos!
 
Moles: Once PvP is on, 1 player will be selected on a team to be the mole. The mole's job is to kill his team and meet up with other moles, the moles will receive kits to pick from-located on top of the player's inventory. Depending on how players they're on in the game, there could be more than one mole team! (Arctic only!)
 
Monsters Inc.: Once a player places down a door and walk through it, they will be teleported to another door that is connected within the world.
 
Mountaineering: Instead of using diamonds for crafting the enchant table, you will need emeralds to craft them.
 
Moved 0,0: The center of the map is not 0,0, however a different set of coordinates. The coordinates of the real 0,0 will be announced 10 minutes before meetup.
 
Mystery Scenarios: The players will have no idea what the host enabled as a scenario or scenarios!
 
Mystery Teams: At PvP, players will receive a banner, wool, or firework, representing their color. If they find a player with that same color, they are on the same team!
 
Nercophobia: Every mob in the game will be replaced by a zombie! Each zombie has a classes to make your day even worse! Zombies can drop normal mob items such as feathers, leather, string, zombie flesh, and even blaze rods too. If you smelt the zombie flesh, it can be turned into steak. If you get hit by a zombie, you will receive weakness 1 and slowness 1 for the entire game. To cure your infection, you need need a blaze rod and 3 bottles of water in a crafting table, that will make a curing potion, you will receive 1 curing potion.
 
Neutral Mobs: All mobs are neutral, like zombie pigman. Once you hit a mob, the mobs will now be aggressive on to you now and deal 3 times as much damage to you.
 
Nightmare Mode/Nytcophobia: Each mob will have a special power to ruin your day. When skeletons shoot you, you'll be poisoned. Creepers have speed 2, and when they explode or die, silverfish will come out of their body and attack you. Zombies have strength but slowness, if you kill one, a skeleton will spawn and attack you with melee. Spiders run fast and if they die, they will put you in a little cobweb trap. If you aggro an Enderman, they will spawn a blaze to help them out. Witches have speed 5 and if you manage to kill one, there is a chance that they will drop 2-3 gold.
 
No Anvils: Anvils cannot be crafted nor be used.
 
No Clean: When you kill a player, you have 20 seconds of PvP protection. If you attack a player and you have the PvP protection on, then you will lose that protection.
 
No Diamond Armor: Players cannot craft any diamond armor.
 
No Enchant Preview: When enchanting, you cannot see what will you get beforehand.
 
No Fall: Players cannot take any fall damage.
 
No Nametags: Everyone in the game cannot see other players' name tags, making sneak attacks almost impossible.
 
OP Lootcrates: Every 15 mins, all players will recieve Overpowered items. There are 3 tiers in this scenario. The ender chest is the best, Trapped chest is the second best, and the normal chest being the third best.
 
Overcook: After the furnace smelts 1 item, the furnace will explode and give you the items, smelted, that were put in the furnace. WARNING: The explosion from the furnace can kill you!
 
Parafusion: When a player mines gold, or diamonds, crafts an enchant table, anvil, golden apples or heads, or brewing stand, eats a golden apple or golden head. or dies, then coordinates will be broadcasted with the names being "???". Health on tab will be disabled. Along with the /h command
 
Paranoia: Whenever a player mines gold or diamonds, crafts an enchantment table or anvil, crafts or eats a Golden Apple or Golden Head, or when a player gets killed, their coords are broadcasted in the chat. Health on tab and the /h commands are disabled for this game
 
Period of Resistance: Every 10 minutes, a damage type will be swapped. You cannot take damage from that type of damage. To check use /status
 
Permakill: Whenever a player die, the cycle either changes to permanent day or permanent night.
 
Permanight: There is no day time, it is always night time.
 
Picked Teams: Players, one by one, are allowed to pick on what team they want to be on. The order in which players will pick, will be randomly selected.
 
Piggy Back: If you right click on your teammate, you can ride on top of them!
 
Player Swap: Every 2 to 7 minutes, at an unannounced time, 2 players will swap positions.
 
Potential Hearts: Everyone will have 10 regular hearts and X amount of hearts that they can receive if they heal.
 
Potential Moles: Once PvP is set, there is a chance that a team could have a mole or cannot have a mole on their team.
 
Potential Permanent: Everyone will start with 10 hearts and 10 absorption hearts. If a player loses any hearts due to damage, they will lose the hearts they've lost and cannot get it back. If you heal with a golden apple or golden head and your health is at maximum heath, you will lose the absorption hearts and gain hearts depending on how much you heal for. Golden heads also heal 2 hearts.
 
Potion Healing: Whenever you craft a golden apple, it becomes a Tier 1 health potion. Whenever you craft a golden head, it becomes a Tier 2 Health potion.
 
Progressive Speed: Everyone starts out with speed 1, if you manage to get a kill your tier of speed will go up by 1 tier.
 
Pyrophobia: All the water and ice in the world has been evaporated. All lava will replace it. 50% of all redstone veins and lapis veins is replaced by obsidian. Sugarcane will drop from trees at a rate of 2%. And lastly, all mobs in the game are fire resistant.
 
Random Starter Items: Everyone will receive 9 random starting items at random amounts, all the items will be the same for each player.
 
Red Arrows: Whenever a player dies, a red arrow will appear in the sky in where the person has died.
 
Rewarding Longshots: Players that hit another player from a distance with a bow, will be rewarded. (30-49 block longshot is 1 iron. 50-99 block longshot is 1 piece of iron and gold. 100-199 block longshot is 1 iron, 1 gold, and a diamond. 200+ block longshots gives you 5 diamonds, 3 gold and 2 iron.)
 
Risky Retrieval: All your mined Gold and Diamonds will go to an unbreakable chest located at 0,0.  
 
Rodless: The fishing rod cannot do any knockback to the player.
 
Rush: The game will last 44 minutes or less.
 
Santa's Gift: Putting a milk bucket and a cookie in a crafting table will give you good items
 
Scenario Stackup: Every 10 minutes, a new scenario will be enabled, even at the start.
 
Scenario Switcher: Every 10 minutes, a new scenario will be enabled and the old scenario will be disabled.
 
School: There are 2 roles in this scenario: The teacher and the student. The student cannot craft anything until the teacher has crafted that item. If the teacher dies, then the student will have to kill another teacher in order for him to craft everything.
 
Secret Health: On tab, other player's health will not be shown. You can only see your own health.
 
Secret Teams: The teams are not colored, thus for players to guess on who is on what team.
 
Select Fire: If you left click on your bow, it'll choose between 4 different ways to fire: Creepers, Flame Arrows, TNT, or Fireballs. All chickens do not drop arrows, but arrows will drop from coal. There is a 10% chance that Arrows will drop when you mine Coal.
 
Self Diagnosis: You cannot see your own health. Everyone's heath on the tab will be set as 100%, even your own.
 
Shared Health: Upon a team, their health is shared. Every time a player takes damage, their teammates will also take damage as well. The heals of the Golden Apple will change. (20/X amount of players on a team.) And if one players die on a team, everyone on the team will die as well. Golden heads will be off.
 
Sharpshooters: 8 players will be selected and taking turns shooting  at players in an open arena. If the player misses, the player does not get to try again. If the captain shoots and hits the player, then the player joins the shooter's team. This continues until everyone is on a team.
 
Shrinking Borders: The border will start to shrink at the start of pvp until meet-up. If you go past the border, you will be killed.
 
Silent Night: When the night time occurs, the chat, name tags, health on tab and /h, and death messages will all be disabled.
 
Skyhigh: After about 45-60 minutes, players must be at or near 0,0 at a Y level above 101. If players are underneath that Y:101 level they will take half a heart every 30 seconds. You will receive starter items at the beginning of the game, this includes: 2 stacks of blocks, some snowball blocks, some pumpkins, and a Diamond shovel. Also, the sand will drop glass and snow slabs (Naturally Generated) will drop snowblocks instead of snowballs.
 
Slavemarket: The first 8 players, selected by the person who does the command /iwantslaveowner <Code word>, will be selected. The slave owners will receive an X amount of diamonds to bid on. The command to bid for players is /bid <# of Diamonds>. After the bidding, the slave owners keep the remaining diamonds.
 
Slavemarket Double Packaging: The first 8 players, selected by the person who does the command /iwantslaveowner <Code word>, will be selected. The slave owners will receive an X amount of diamonds to bid on. The command to bid for players is /bid <# of Diamonds>. Instead of players getting 1 person, they will get 2. The 2 people will be randomized and put together for bidding. After the bidding, the slave owners keep the remaining diamonds.
 
Slimy Chunk: In the world, there is a 10% chance that each chunk can disappear! At the bottom of each chunk that has disappeared will contain slime blocks at the bottom to break your fall! You can break those slime blocks and it can send you or other people down to the void!
 
Slimy Crack: Along the X:0 or Z:0 lies a giant crack in the world with slime blocks underneath to break your fall. You can break the slime blocks. The size of the crack is about 50 blocks.
 
Snowball Flight: When you shoot a snowball, you get to ride it. If you want to still ride the snowball, you need to throw it again, it'll just kick you off. Fall damage is disabled.
 
Snowday: The entire world is covered in snow! Majority of the biomes is replaced by the Cold Taiga biome. Also there Sugar cane drops from trees at a rate of 2%.
 
Soul Brothers: 2 of the same worlds are created. Teammates goes into 1 world, the other teammates goes into the other world. After a specific period of time, the remaining teammates, if they are alive, will be teleported into 1 new world together.
 
Soul Brothers+: This is the same as Soul Brothers! Players are scattered into different worlds! However... Players will be scatter into special worlds and not regular worlds!
 
Spawners Galore: Spawner rates have been increased in the world. Giving you more mobs to fight and more loot to collect! The spawners can be any mob in the game! Except Ender Dragons, and Withers!
 
Speedy Miners: Players that are under Y:32 will receive Speed 1.
 
Stock up: Whenever a player dies, everyone that is currently alive will receive 1 potential heart.
 
Stronger Mobs: Zombies and Skeletons have a chance to spawn in wearing armor. Creepers have a 25% of being a Charged Creeper. Spiders also have potion effects and witches spawn rate will be increased.
 
Sudden Death: Once Meet-up is called all players will be teleported into a 300x300 area of 0,0 and must fight from there!
 
Superheroes: Everybody on a team will receive a superpower that will last for the entire game. A player can receive 1 of the following: Strength, Speed, Resistance, Double Health, Invisibility, or Jump Boost. Fall damage is off in this gamemode. (If teams of 5, Jump will be available, if teams of 6 or higher, Invisibility is available, unless the player is solo without a team.)
 
Super Smash Brothers: Each player on a team will receive a different class, all classes are chosen at random. The characters are Mario, Sonic, Kirby, Pit, Meta Knight, Donkey Kong, Pikachu, and Link. All the characters has different abilities. To check abilities, use /ssh. (Here is the link for all of the powers![https://www.reddit.com/r/ultrahardcore/comments/31iydz/super_smash_bros_with_skript/] For the Super Star for Kirby's ability (Frequently asked question) If right clicked on a player, it will send the player upwards at res 100 and speed 5. <----- Might be broken.
 
Swingers: The first team you see and right click the player on a different team, will combine that team together.
 
Take5: When a player dies, it will spawn a chest with all their stuff in it. You can only take 5 of their items.
 
Team Health: All of the team's health is summed to their total combined health. You cannot /h a player or teammate.  
 
THS3 Terrain: The terrain is a mix of Flat World, Amplified, and Normal terrain. Dungeon rates are increased and fit every mob type.
 
Tier Progression: There are 3 worlds in the game and each world will contain different attributes. Everyone will start at World 1 and the Portal will be at 0,0 for World 2. (Same with World 2 to World 3) However, once you enter that portal, you cannot go back to the previous world. World 1 will contain no gold or diamond mining but 15 mins until pvp. World 2 will contain Gold mining, but no diamond mining. Also PvP will activate once you are in World 2. World 3 contains Gold and Diamond mining and PvP will be on once you enter that world. You will be scattered to random cords instead of 0,0 once you enter the world.
 
Timber: When you break a tree, the entire logs of that tree will come off.
 
Timebomb: Whenever a player dies, their stuff will be placed in a chest with a timer ticking. Players will have 30 seconds to grab the stuff before it explodes. After the 30 seconds, the chest full of items will explode. Players can be damaged by the explosion.
 
Timed Teams: The teams will be set at a random point in the game, rather than before in the game.
 
Time Flies: Every day cycle takes 5 minutes and every night cycle takes 5 minutes, making the whole cycle only 10 minutes instead of 20.
 
TommySX: Creepers will do double damage and every diamond shovel you craft will have Efficiency 5. When you craft a sword or bow, it'll be named XDDDDDDDDDDE. All mobs Passive or Hostile will have a 10% chance to spawn with Speed 2 and will be named Gotta Go Fast!
 
Training Rabbits: Everybody will start with Jump Boost 2. Every time a player gets a kill, their Jump Boost tier will increase by 1. Fall damage will be off.
 
Triple Ores: Instead of 1 ore dropping when you mine it, 3 will be dropped of that ore.
 
True Love: You are allowed to team up with 1 other ally. If your ally dies, you can team up with another ally, either a solo can win or an allied team of 2 can win the game.
 
Undead's Revenge: Whenever a player dies, it will either summon a skeleton or a zombie that you must kill in order to gain in order to gain all of the loot.
 
Unbreakable: All tools, weapons, and armor cannot be broken.
 
Underground Parallel: When a player reaches Y:42 the surface of the world, will be duplicated underground. Ores will still be there.
 
Upside-Down Crafting: All the crafting recipes in the game will be flipped upside down.
 
Vanilla+: It's the same game, but the game has been tweaked a little bit (Flint rates, Increased Apple Rates Etc.)
 
VeinMiner: If you shift and mine an ore, with the right pickaxe, the entire vein of that ore will all be mined at once. This works with gravel too with a shovel.
 
Vengeful Spirits: When a player dies above Y:64 a ghast will appear. You must kill that ghast in order to receive the player's head. If they die under Y:64 a blaze will spawn and you must kill it to get the player head.
 
Wasteland: The map is generated as a wasteland. Meaning that everything is dead.
 
Webcage: Whenever a player dies, a sphere of cobwebs will spawn on where the player has died.
 
WTFIPTG: (ADMIN SCENARIO! Ask an admin to host this!)
 
Xenophobia: Every mob, passive or aggressive, will be a villager, same to go with all the players.
 
Zombies Galore: All Hostile mobs will spawn as a zombie and will drop different items like bones, string etc. And also all players will be Disguised as a Zombie.
